Fix description of transformer execution order (#35205)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/openapi/customize-openapi.md

### Execution order for transformers

Transformers are executed as follows:

> * Schema transformers are executed when a schema is register to the document. Schema transformers are executed in the order in which they were added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Schema transformers are executed when a schema is registered to the document. Schema transformers are executed in the order in which they were added.
```

All schemas are added to the document before any operation processing occurs, so all schema transformers are executed before any operation transformers.
* Operation transformers are executed when an operation is added to the document. Operation transformers are executed in the order in which they were added.
All operations are added to the document before any document transformers are executed.
* Document transformers are executed when the document is generated. This is the final pass over the document, and all operations and schemas have been add by this point.

> * When an app is configured to generate multiple OpenAPI documents, each document is generated in the order in which it was registered, and the transformers are executed as documents are generated.

Reviewer 2: This statement isn't really true. There are no ordering dependencies between multiple documents. Each document is generated when it is requested via the endpoint.

Author: I was thinking of this in the context of build-time document generation ... but maybe that's something we don't need to be explicit about. But we probably should say that transformers for different documents are independent -- don't see each other's results. So perhaps
```suggestion
* When an app is configured to generate multiple OpenAPI documents, transformers are executed for each document independently.
```

Reviewer 2: > was thinking of this in the context of build-time document generation

Yeah, the ordering in the build-time generation isn't explicit. It's just an artifact of the way we get the list of document names in the DI container.

The change you've proposed looks good!

> * When an application is configured to generate multiple OpenAPI documents, each document is generated in the order in which it was registered, and the transformers are executed as documents are generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When an app is configured to generate multiple OpenAPI documents, each document is generated in the order in which it was registered, and the transformers are executed as documents are generated.
```

For example, in the following snippet:

> * SchemaTransformer2 is executed has access to the modifications made by SchemaTransformer1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `SchemaTransformer2` is executed and has access to the modifications made by `SchemaTransformer1`.
```

> * Both OperationTransformer1 and OperationTransformer2 have access to the modifications made by both schema transformers for the types involved in the operation they are called to process.
> * OperationTransformer2 is executed after OperationTransformer1, so it has access to the modifications made by OperationTransformer1.
> * Both DocumentTransformer1 and DocumentTransformer2 are executed after all operations and schemas have been added to the document, so they have access to all modifications made by the operation and schema transformers.
> * DocumentTransformer2 is executed after DocumentTransformer1, so it has access to the modifications made by DocumentTransformer1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Both `OperationTransformer1` and `OperationTransformer2` have access to the modifications made by both schema transformers for the types involved in the operation they are called to process.
* `OperationTransformer2` is executed after `OperationTransformer1`, so it has access to the modifications made by `OperationTransformer1`.
* Both `DocumentTransformer1` and `DocumentTransformer2` are executed after all operations and schemas have been added to the document, so they have access to all modifications made by the operation and schema transformers.
* `DocumentTransformer2` is executed after `DocumentTransformer1`, so it has access to the modifications made by `DocumentTransformer1`.
```
